docs: add documentation for `TransferAuthorization` (#3044)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/apps/transfer/authorizations.md

# `TransferAuthorization`

`TransferAuthorization` implements the `Authorization` interface for `ibc.applications.transfer.v1.MsgTransfer`. It allows a granter to grant a grantee the privilege to submit MsgTransfer on its behalf. Please see the [Cosmos SDK docs](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.47/modules/authz) for more details on granting privileges via the `x/authz` module.

More specifically, the granter allows the grantee to transfer funds over a specified channel that belong to the granter.

> For the specified channel, the granter shall be able to specify a spend limit of a specific denomination they wish to allow the grantee to be able to transfer.

Reviewer: ditto on "shall" wording

Reviewer 2: + it's also required to set the spend limit right so perhaps 'must' is better here

> The granter shall be able to specify the list of addresses that they allow to receive funds. If empty, then all addresses are allowed.

Reviewer: maybe we shouldn't use "shall" wording? what do you think?

```suggestion
The granter may specify a list of addresses that they allow to receive funds. If empty, then all addresses are allowed.
```

- a `SpendLimit` that specifies the maximum amount of tokens the grantee can spend. The `SpendLimit` is updated as the tokens are spent. This `SpendLimit` may also be updated to increase or decrease the limit as the granter wishes.

- an `AllowList` list that specifies the list of addresses that are allowed to receive funds. If this list is empty, then all addresses are allowed to receive funds from the `TransferAuthorization`.

Setting a `TransferAuthorization` is expected to fail if:
- the spend limit is nil
- the denomination of the spend limit is an invalid coin type
- the source port ID is invalid
- the source channel ID is invalid
- there are duplicate entries in the `AllowList`

Below is the `TransferAuthorization` message:

```golang
func NewTransferAuthorization(allocations ...Allocation) *TransferAuthorization {
	return &TransferAuthorization{
		Allocations: allocations,
	}
}

type Allocation struct {
	// the port on which the packet will be sent
	SourcePort string 
	// the channel by which the packet will be sent
	SourceChannel string 
	// spend limitation on the channel

> 	SpendLimit github_com_cosmos_cosmos_sdk_types.Coins 

Reviewer: maybe we can just use `sdk.Coins`?

```suggestion
	SpendLimit sdk.Coins 
```

# TransferAuthorization

> `TransferAuthorization` implements the `Authorization` interface for `ibc.applications.transfer.v1.Msg`. It allows a granter to grant a grantee the privilege to submit MsgTransfer on its behalf. Please see the [Cosmos SDK docs](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.47/modules/authz) for more details on granting privileges via the `Authz` module.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`TransferAuthorization` implements the `Authorization` interface for `ibc.applications.transfer.v1.Msg`. It allows a granter to grant a grantee the privilege to submit a MsgTransfer on its behalf. Please see the [Cosmos SDK docs](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.47/modules/authz) for more details on granting privileges via the `Authz` module.
```

More specifically, the granter allows the grantee to transfer funds that belong to the granter on a set of 1 or more source port ID/channel ID pairs.

For each source port ID/channel ID pair, the granter shall be able to specify a spend limit for each denomination they wish to allow the grantee to be able to transfer.

The granter shall be able to specify the list of addresses that they allow to receive funds. If empty, then all addresses are allowed.

It takes: 

> - a range of `SourcePorts` and a range of `SourceChannels` which together comprise the unique transfer channel identifiers over which authorized funds can be transferred.

Reviewer 3: the term `range` sounds like you are referring to the older version of the code where there were multiple slices passed (all different slices), this has been refactored to use [this type](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/294522546a10ecf993fb35257dc949d5b3bccc60/modules/apps/transfer/types/authz.pb.go#L29-L39)

And a `TransferAuthorization` is created like [this](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/b4bd0a79435a5da164d1fd1a6c56a54887d6683b/modules/apps/transfer/types/transfer_authorization.go#L19-L23)

- a range of (positive) `SpendLimits` that specify the maximum amount of tokens the grantee can spend. The `SpendLimit` is updated as the tokens are spent. This `SpendLimit` may also be updated to increase or decrease the limit as the granter wishes.

> - an `AllowedAddrs` list that specifies the list of addresses that are allowed to receive funds. If this list is empty, then all addresses are allowed to receive funds from the `TransferAuthorization`.

Reviewer 3: `AllowedAddrs` has been renamed to `AllowList`

Below is the `TransferAuthorization` message:

> ```protobuf

Reviewer 4: Don't have a strong preference, but wondering if we should use the go structs here instead of the proto messages, like we do [for `MsgTransfer` in the docs](https://ibc.cosmos.network/main/apps/transfer/messages.html#).

message TransferAuthorization {

  option (cosmos_proto.implements_interface) = "Authorization";

  // port and channel amounts

  repeated PortChannelAmount allocations = 1 [(gogoproto.nullable) = false];

}

message PortChannelAmount {

  // the port on which the packet will be sent
  string source_port = 1 [(gogoproto.moretags) = "yaml:\"source_port\""];

  // the channel by which the packet will be sent
  string source_channel = 2 [(gogoproto.moretags) = "yaml:\"source_channel\""];

  // spend limitation on the channel
  repeated cosmos.base.v1beta1.Coin spend_limit = 3
      [(gogoproto.nullable) = false, (gogoproto.castrepeated) = "github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/types.Coins"];

  // allowed addresses to be sent via transfer message
  repeated string allowed_addresses = 4;

}

> ```

Reviewer 3: these types have been [updated](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/294522546a10ecf993fb35257dc949d5b3bccc60/proto/ibc/applications/transfer/v1/authz.proto#L11-L31)
